Decoupled GA (#2706)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## X.Y.Z 2023-XX-YY
### PaymentSheet

> * [Added] You can now collect payment details before creating a PaymentIntent/SetupIntent - see https://stripe.com/docs/payments/accept-a-payment-deferred. This integration also lets you confirm the Intent on the server - see https://stripe.com/docs/payments/finalize-payments-on-the-server.

Reviewer: Nit: Slight cleanup.

```suggestion
* [Added] You can now collect payment details before creating a PaymentIntent or SetupIntent. See [our docs](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/accept-a-payment-deferred) for more info. This integration also allows you to [confirm the Intent on the server](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/finalize-payments-on-the-server).
```
